Oh today I'm Ashley Ashley I'll be your
service okay
I am freaking out having Chef Ramsay
come is very nerve-wracking I could
throw up right now
so I don't you've been here Oh ten years
ten years my god and we've been here for
a substantial length of time mm-hmm
why are you being so loyal it's like a
little family great
Wow huge menu about a hundred options
they help me out we do fried calamari
and it's very good is it
mmm it's one of my favorite let's go for
the here fried calamari over Caesar
salad and then I'd be stupid not to have
the bomb the bomb bury the bomb burger
does he look like that yeah how'd you
know what no big love of mac and cheese
don't mean I can choose yes that'll be
all
brilliance you got it thank you thank
you water want to throw in a macaroni
and cheese one fifth day
order up - that's mine that's very fast
imagine chase my god
probably pre-made it's math look cute
that's gross that does even taste like
as we cooked and if we don't make the
mac and cheese right no it tastes like
it's a big hit
no it's what the kids eat it oh [ __ ]
woody yeah that's dreadful poor kids
damn you think a menu with classic
American you Denise make your mac and
cheese right yes because I'm not the one
making the food I'm just serving it what
do you say said it was oh my calamari
overseas ourselves that's let's taste
not good calamari is really soft and
sort of chewy I don't think I'm really
sure we touching food yeah don't worry
what bye yeah is this fresh will this
frozen because it takes frozen Vieira's
frozen restful anyway definitely not for
me
I'm finished thank you okay
they were gross soft and chewy
what's talking short call mine it's not
crispy I wasn't a great feeling when
he's been sending back over the food you
know it's what we do every day we think
we do a pretty good job
who wants the bomb next everyone loves
the bomb that's one of our houses
specialty was definitely gonna enjoy
that one ballgame well last I see bun
where's the burger oh there she is
there's the back
a problem like that either
how is everything that is it what season
food in it season it salt pepper we
don't anything to it wouldn't let me
it's really chewy
yes chewy is how we asked the chef's to
taste that okay damn thank you
Jesus you said the burgers really chewy
he said try it
[Music]
chewy it says on the menu the white mum
used to make there has to be the biggest
insult every mother in America